{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Text @americawins84 and @9kwiz lots of antivaxxin going on in the comments section, gdamn. Its like people never heard of how the who literally cause the smallpox virus to go extinct through universal vaccination. They had to travel to the most isolated villages in india to get 100%, and it worked. @skyjudge4nfl ... When you see people travel to covid epicenters @railfarewatch @dannywallace and @conservatives @southernrailuk and @jamesdhardy @swngstatevotegr @bnodesk and @bitchiebootie @hscptcrash @jshiggins_ and @natehiggins now watch how the new improved & faster #covid_19 variant will spread all over the uk within days. Why are train companies allowing people to travel in those crowded trains? Who governs this country? #christmasiscancelled #covidiots wow! New covid mutation found in uk & netherlands yields dutch gov't to ban air travel to uk. Not enough is known about the new vaccine research to indicate if human immune system can fight against new sars-2 variant new, more transmissible strain of covid in london so what do people do when told not to travel? Decide to cram themselves into a train travelling north. I honestly wouldnt be surprised if there was another year of restrictions thanks to peoples shear ignorance! Fucking twats. @mantist0bbogan @slashwilko and 2 others @marechaussee only a unionist would say its okay to travel around #scotland during #covid actually, didn't their royal family do exactly that? Holyrood says "if you live or work anywhere where there are protective measures in place at whatever level you should not travel to another area" . @libragrl1685 holiday travel rush begins: tsa screened more than 1 million passengers friday the travel surge comes despite cdc recommendations to stay home for the holidays due to the coronarvirus pandemic. @kylegriffin1 and @gdtrble @meniconrd @1954floodkid and @lghomeschool @ianbremmer #covid19 #business #travel update #singapore #indonesia #malaysia #pandemic #jakarta #kualalumpur #hongkong #taiwan #youtube #vaccines #masks #china #airlines #changi #holidays #publichealth @gillymason @73bain @infosec_ashlie and @stankxm @tedcruz and @joyannreid "covid? No i always travel like this on trains. " not only that, but once we had fully or mostly gotten rid of the virus, i would still enforce a travel ban, to make sure no one brought it in @pulte @azazelbox @parkesstreet and 3 others @officialccarol this is the 1st pandemic in history that manifests in people without any symptoms... Have you ever heard about anyone saying i had the bubonic plague but no symptoms ? The vaccine exists but we're in lockdowns .. We can travel in packed flights but we cant sit in a restaurant if you are preparing to travel again. With a little knowledge, preparation, and planning, you can minimise any risks to your health and have an enjoyable holiday or business trip. Read | ... #bupaaustralia @ballouxfrancois and @andrew_croxford if you plan to travel for the holidays, tus currently offers free covid-19 testing 7 days a week for passengers traveling through #tucson. Register for your test today: @joebiden @stephiekeachie @thomllamamakes and @crussty nicola sturgeon imposes scotland travel ban as new covid strain leads to cases rising video @mrgeoffpeters and @stancollymore abandoned places: wrecked car. ... #abandoned #travel #wreck #covid #allthatjames #youtuber #video @njm71 @aja_curtis and @harrietclugston travel series! Sedona arizona! Watch more! ... Subscribe, like & hitto see new videos! Support dr. Michelle's channel~spread the word of natural health! #travel #traveling #sedona #sedonaarizona #health @helenpea_007 @juanitapoynter and 2 others @gingermarauder and @nara_hodge @vikki4mdnp safe travels, folks. And don't even think about bringing that florida/desantis covid sh! T back to new england on that plane. #patriots #gopats @borisjohnson @petbugs13 and @nmercad @jamphobia and @indoorboyfriend cash in on these working from home tips now #covid #covid19 #workfromhome #work #hr #cars #travel #travelindustry #employeebenefits i am honestly lost as to what your beef is? You seem a little lost on this subject matter. All i was suggesting is they still go, they can travel if they are providing care for a vulnerable person. I suggested a covid test to be done (as this is what i have done) should they go @dondavies @pattyhajdu and @cpho_canada tens of millions of people are expected to travel to family gatherings or winter vacations over christmas, despite pleas by public health experts who fear the result could be another surge in covid-19 cases. And im not sure how often people have to hear the virus prospers when people gather in close proximity and/or travel before their reaction ceases to be sure, but *my* party & the trips there & back are fine, right? 3/3 @captainwonkish and @aja_curtis @felyxlawson @slyall @lancewiggs and @nzinitiative @harrietclugston @tomboyoptional and @temporaantiqua @elwick70 a parasite express by the ffk & his wife thinking that the virus wouldnt travel with them @ianbremmer @djbelfield and @harrietclugston @padraigmcl @lyndallcave and @xianjaneway travel restrictions for arizonans: these states require covid-19 testing and quarantine @aja_curtis @nath_brudenell and @borisjohnson @camerondlwalker new post (samut sakhon under lockdown after 548 covid-19 cases found) has been published on phuket travel tips and advise - ... @presleypotten covid-19 in estonia covid-19 very high level 4: covid-19 very high travel health notices | traveler... Covid-19 in estonia covid-19 very high level 4: covid-19 very high travel health notices | traveler... You should refrain from travel. You should wear a mask and you should social distance. Vaccines arent a cure. We are still in the middle of a pandemic @markmcgowanmp @yjm_yjm @jamesmatthewsky and @skynews @oppcommissioner @kedomi ~. ~ excuse you, but unless you're actually in saigon, i don't see the point of that first line except to belittle a traumatic war time event by comparing it to your idiotic decision to travel during a pandemic in the first place. @pippacrerar @harrietclugston from travel columnist scott mcmurren: the pandemic has upended alaska flight schedules. If you travel next year, plan accordingly. @stone1_matthew and @tim_michell @jonsopel but then you are a xenophobe, haven't you heard. That's what they called trump when he shut down travel from china to prevent the china virus from spreading. @flimflammmmm @keith__farmer and @danielandrewsmp @alexpaknadel @prguy17 covid-19 is continuing to affect our daily lives and the travel & tourism industry. These social media packages for travel pros will help you market your travel biz in these crazy times and attract more fans with professional social videos #socialspeak @realdonaldtrump @peston @remdog50 and @public_citizen @owenjones84 @fishface60 @philmsykes and 2 others hospitals across the nation are facing a crisis situation, new covid infections are shattering records. But despite warnings to stay home for the holidays, aaa estimates some 85 million ppl will travel. What this could mean for hospitals... Ahead on @nbcnightlynews @giftedmoney @joshowtb and 2 others @tylerbwebster @cochbach @atothebto and 2 others @flimflammmmm and @danielandrewsmp @georgegalloway and @johnmcternan @rafi86_united @marcusweedon and @ryanair @cameronmcneish @moonhare77 @stvnews more bad ideas during a pandemic... Subscribe to a travel magazine : / coronavirus: scotland bans travel to rest of uk amid new strain of virus via @youtube same problem as we are seeing in sydney. Selfish possibly infected people fleeing a lockdown who should not be allowed to travel, and will continue to spread the virus. @bobpersis and @joebiden a man with #covid symptoms died on a 12/14 united flight from orlando to la. The cdc is tracking down passengers over potential exposure. #travel lot of v useful info on where to get #covid tests in #turkey etc in here. Turkey travel updates: where and how to get tested for covid-19 | daily sabah @luciaprincess8 @martinmckee and @independentsage @elimin880 and @profemilyoster france, spain, switzerland: belgium adds 12 europe zones to covid travel red list - forbes #wanderlust #travelgram #adventure #travel #travelling #traveltheworld - - travel to plan - plan to travel - - - - read the full story here - new highly transmissable version of covid identified in london and the se. So, what do those people do. Travel out of london in all directions before midnight #madness @idshock @suuperblah and @wailordftw @politicsforali @realdonaldtrump @otaviocarvalho @updownmain and @harrietclugston i travel up and down all week within covid regulations @j068downsouth and @naturistplace @eddiedoch @foreigncorr1 and @triciamarwick @devincow and @hijeremy @travelleisure throughout the whole pandemic rail workers have put themselves at risk to ensure people can still travel. Remember this when they're denied the pay increase they've earned! @aja_curtis and @harrietclugston i wish to take a holiday travel but covid-19 is running around like someone who wants to play with a friend. So, let me join the team home alone..... @kateemccann and here it starts. Pretty soon we wont be able to travel without immunization papers. Employers can now legally fire you for refusing covid vaccine via @westjournalism @umaruun1 @i_am_cr0w and @r0b0t6 johnson knew about the new virulent strain of covid but he waited until people had made plans, paid for travel & food before deciding to act personally i think he was hoping someone like starmer would kick up a fuss so johnson could then blame them for fucking christmas up @williamcrawley @prifweinidog #breakingnews also... These #covidiot rats will be spreading this much more contagious form of #covid_19 to the rest of the world! The #uk should have locked things down immediately for travel. Now they're doing exactly what they accused china of doing. >: ( @simonleporild @borisjohnson and 2 others @lyndelanddapips and @operacreep @q66suzi if i was a covspiracy (or ongoing conspiracy ie; #davidicke) theorist, which of course i'm not, i'd argue this is the idea behind all this, so soon all #uk will be under the highest new 5+ tiers & all non-essential travel/activties banned in the interests of public health safety. @wmdore_images the pandemic has had a chilling effect on global travel. When it comes to an end, these destinations are at the top of our travel writers wish lists ... The centers for disease control and prevention says postponing travel and staying home is the best way to protect yourself and others from covid-19. Why is money wasted on doing this in person during a pandemic? Couldnt all of that travel money be donated to a food bank or for ppe for health care workers? Zoom works just fine for meetings and it is secure. @realdonaldtrump @airstripone84 @vanessalodge1 @youtube and 4 others the safest way to celebrate winter holidays is at home with the people who live with you. Travel and gatherings with family and friends who do not live with you can increase your chances of getting or spreading covid-19 or the flu. ... The safest way to celebrate winter holidays is at home with people who live with you. Travel and gatherings with family and friends who do not live with you can increase your chances of getting or spreading covid-19 or the flu. Visit for more information ideally, do not travel at all (why are the borders still open? ! ) but if you *absolutely* must travel (ask yourself this), do not spread the virus any further. Spend no unnecessary time at the airport or in nearby communities. Airport staff and local residents need protecting. @utddanmufc @utdapollo and @utdreport @aja_curtis and @harrietclugston @sophieelsworth and @gladysb @bbcjaynemcc and @chris_lyttle you spread propaganda that's more dangerous. Virus came from china with help from democrats. They've been bought & paid for by china. Biden gang paid off. Msm a virus that needs to be stomped out & soon. Democrats told us enjoy chinese new year. Travel ban xenophobic. @beesbookhollow @spencermorgan93 @letsfishsmarter @buchananfaolan this travel groupie is one dangerous f*cker. He ligs his way through life and recently spends his time explaining to engerlands most moronic how they can avail themselves of a subsidised flight to give/receive covid. The dinosaurs died out, hell make sure your granny does i left london today at 10:00am on an empty train. Although against advice, i wanted to travel ahead of the travel window to avoid exactly this and get a covid test on arrival. I thought i was doing the right thing but now being home just feels wrong. There was no winning tier 4 residents must not stay overnight away from home, and cannot travel abroad. Selfish twat. @juliahb1 has undermined attempts to control the virus for months. Now she shows complete disregard for the rules by flying off on holiday. Unbelievable. Only two new cases of covid-19 today and both are related to travel outside atlantic canada. You can find more information in the news release from the government of nova scotia: ... @harrietclugston @jacobbryanhale @ifyouseecate @happymargy and @skynewsbiz @lucymcsorley1 when will government agencies and some corporates stop using covid as an excuse for their own incompetence, ive had the same experience with my travel insurance company @covermore @meghang101 and @harrietclugston @dicordia18 @tedcruz and 5 others @artybagger and @cameronmcneish @ive_m5 @ophirgottlieb and @eyeofthestormz @harleyshah @skynews and @bernarchevalier @lbc @dianastevenson2 and @sillyshib @helenlay and @pennyblogs @william_pennell and @spoonersean @harrietclugston @al100100 @mere216 and 2 others @operacreep @andrew_adonis @hokem and @arichmondscot @sammy7c49 @benthestripper and 3 others @ewangurr and @scotgov @mikeysmith @nigel_farage and @notfollowingthe @tedcruz and @joyannreid @grantshapps @sallywallace @clifford_i and @harrietclugston reasonable conclusion. Looking on the bright side, shappss plan to subsidise holiday coach travel didnt survive the journey from soundbite to really bad idea, unlike e. G. Eat out to help the poor old virus get about & survive the summer drought. @pilot_george_ @th1nking0utloud and @virginatlantic @disclosetv @larkgoooner @ealingone and 2 others @msnbc @happinesskitbag and @artybagger @theladypilar and @jobreauxx government advice was not: if you are about to enter tier 4, travel as quickly as possible into another area to spread the virus to your loved ones and strangers @britishgal1975 @deborahveevers and @duncanlindsay @abc30 @goofynewfie2012 2020 covid travel books a fair point. There is now a health order in place for northern beaches lga. There's a legal process to be followed in order to mandate rather than recommend. But other states have also been able to reimpose travel restrictions & quarantine contacts faster @mikeysmith @arseblog unfortunately the ejits will be heading down to devon, to their 2nd homes where our hospitals are already overwhelmed, no beds in icu etc. Please do not travel to devon, we do not need or want more covid and a super-spreader event like this will do exactly that. @ceiliekayogm @washingtonpost and @nomossonmyrocks @geordiechris_f and @baddiel @millennialstar2 @kaitmarieox and 2 others @armbreakingswan @raffiatim and 3 others i wonder if some countries will require you to be covid vaccinated to travel? Ill give my own self that shot if needed. I wanna travel @manuelwho @drewinseasia and @jodimckaymp @lbc and @spoonersean @ruth_wishart @jamesjandebeur and @senwarren @sallyrmelb @caseybriggs and @danielandrewsmp yes good communication strategy would have been "hard to say, don't make firm plans to travel yet". The mental health burden of #spinningtop policy approach is terrible #covid19 #coronavirus @amqueryingh @alihmokdad @mikeysmith @eddieclarke2 @xcaretpark @xelhapark and @xplorpark @sandraeckersley and @blackdouglas @ryanradia @mmasnick and @lizmair @wainthepain01 and @realdonaldtrump @harrietclugston @whickity01 @denisewilson_1 and 3 others like no other event in memory, the #covid19 pandemic has upended economies in the united states and across the world transforming how people work, travel, eat, shop and congregate. U. S. Travel is falling out of favour with canadians, with european and caribbean destinations being the most sought-after places to travel to post-pandemic. If you are acting early and decisively @humzayousaf, why are you waiting until next saturday to move the whole of the scottish mainland into tier 4? Doesnt the virus travel too far in a week? Tier 1 to 4 for some - ludicrous. Wheres the evidence? @patrioticsocia1 @infernalliberal covid-19 travel restrictions. John coyle video. Via @youtube @ibs71519740 @amber_jaynexx @standardnews @cfaprogram @eddieclarke2 @armbreakingswan @edwardpoole1975 and @peterjones2021 it's @dupleader & @duponline causing confusion over #covid travel issues as i said yesterday she need practice what they preach given one her own mp didn't even wear mask in enclosed space at start outbreak. They arrogant & putting lives at risk over #covid19. #covid_19 @cmo_ni @harrietclugston @jeontteok and @generoxity 3. And about taking responsibility, what about biden taking responsibility for opposing trump's efforts to cut the influx of covid to our country by closing off travel to its place of origin? Biden mocked him for that, if you don't recall new who physical activity guidelines highlighting the importance of not only meeting physical activity targets but reducing sedentary behaviours. I'm hopeful that an increase to active travel will be a silver lining of the covid-19 pandemic! A beautiful thing. Cracking on, building a sustainable, joined up, pandemic-resistant travel system. Right for now and the futures. Leadership from @salford_mayor. @andyburnhamgm proud to be part of it people want to travel to their loved ones, but in doing so risk infecting their loved ones due to high risk of public transport . And west yorkshire who've demonstrated a good response to covid in the last month also gets a share of the covid soup. V sad. @samanta_helou @andiescene and @nicolasturgeon @borisjohnson @10downingstreet @matthancock @keir_starmer @angelarayner @bbclaurak @bbcnews how ridiculous is this! There goes the second covid strain up north! Failure of govt! Failure of the health secretary! Cancel all travel now! #onmy2020naughtylist are all the #antimaskers who yelled "hoax! " they allowed the us' covid rate to rise so high, travel was banned. I've been without work. All year. #ignorant #science deniers are job killers! @intherockies23 @9newssyd @simonrug actually they do act selfishly. The roads into cornwall were like a summer saturday this evening. People changing their plans to travel to caravan sites, holiday homes from soon to be a tier 4 to 1 of second homes. The government doesnt spread the virus people do. @essexpr @realdonaldtrump @hairymarx1 and @marcuschown @daiskelly_ ang daming on sale na flights and discounted room rates sa hotels ngayon. The problem is... Madaming restrictions due to covid-19. Lets hope for the best na maka-travel next year. @roberthartleyf1 and @luvmygoose @realdonaldtrump @luhbreton @factsandf @thekingjflynn and @gabsonclarkst @georgegalloway @anmailleach nine in ten americans expect their travel habits to change forever due to pandemic reveals biggest global airline passenger survey the voluntary policy to provide contact tracing info aims to slow the virus spread and eliminate the need for travel bans that have crushed the airline industry. @manmademoon travel advice and restrictions related to covid-19 - healthdirect ... #covid19nsw #travel @talkwlan @tedcruz and @joyannreid @politicsforali @spencermorgan93 and @ukgovcomms @juliemac1000 @giesatrainjob and @lucyhorobin @mennewsdesk @itsdoctorjoel making plans with @sianprice22 for post covid to stay positive. So far we have rock choir, golf, hiring mini van to travel round wales and trip around norway. Oh and go out drinking/dancing all night alert: temp travel nurses are making $11k a week to give covid-19 vaccines - global pandemic news | #coronavirus #covid19 #protests - ... @g_gnanadesikan @urbanbirdnerd and @academicchatter imagine being such a wanker that you not only decide to travel from covid-ridden london to your vulnerable mother on a packed, covid-spreading train, but also tweet about it and expect people not to call you a dangerous idiot @helenpea_007 @dr2nisreenalwan and @sijj786 @daynegilbey @panmandundee and @nicolasturgeon @tedcruz and @joyannreid @alfienoakes63 so proud of . @macfarlanepkib news crew! Our elearners submitted clips for covid travel tips in @canvaslms , and our in-house crew edited. #staysafe #newnormal #2020 . @macfarlanepta . @hubofschool @tedcruz and @joyannreid a new artificial intelligence platform is offering covid-wary business travelers & their employers insights on traveling more safely in the coming months. #ai #ml #futurism #intelligencefactory #digitaltransformation #dx #covid19 #covid #travel #biztravel @ilovetheeconomy @dr2nisreenalwan and @sijj786 what part of, "travel spreads viruses" do the fools and idiots not understand. Flying of for christmas, or flocking onto trains off to give dear old mum the virus. Or a holiday in spain the pandemic has had a chilling effect on global travel. When it comes to an end, these destinations are at the top of our travel writers wish lists ... Tens of millions of people are expected to travel to family gatherings or winter vacations over christmas, despite pleas by public health experts. A new artificial intelligence platform is offering covid-wary business travelers & their employers insights on traveling more safely in the coming months. #ai #ml #futurism #intelligencefactory #digitaltransformation #dx #covid19 #covid #travel #biztravel a new artificial intelligence platform is offering covid-wary business travelers & their employers insights on traveling more safely in the coming months. #ai #ml #futurism #intelligencefactory #digitaltransformation #dx #covid19 #covid #travel #biztravel the pandemic has had a chilling effect on global travel. When it comes to an end, these destinations are at the top of our travel writers wish lists ... @not2today1 @morganopines @kamalaharris and 2 others @mikeoswald71 @rodcorson and @lonestarcjaye this is why youre not going to get me back on a flight. Passengers desperate to travel who are positive with covid lie to fly! @lebeaucarnews @united @americanair @delta @southwestair @joesquawk @andrewrsorkin @beckyquick @jimcramer @carlquintanilla looking forward to the moment when we are able to travel again. I am icelandic and one of my favourite places is the faroe islands. Where would you travel first? #iceland #faroeislands #travelagain support my photography in the time of covid ; -) travel restrictions for arizonans: these states require covid-19 testing and quarantine not what? Travel on a packed train during a pandemic in order to give your mum covid? @scotgov and @nicolasturgeon @1810allan and @bbcjamescook @lisaeng4 @peacecorpdad and @govnedlamont @guyremorganised @rockrryyy and @alwaysy0u94 nicola sturgeon imposes scotland travel ban as new covid strain has cases rising video @sammyceeee and @momoalas93 a man died after a medical emergency on a united flight. Now the cdc wants to reach fellow passengers. ... Passenger's wife admitted he boarded with covid-19 symptoms. Heart attack inflight. This is holiday travel in 2020. Rt @gregpoehler i am a huge fan of "welcome to sweden... " now that i can't travel there, thx to covid... It is such a great show to help me "escape... " now, that @peacocktv is here, i love to see the show resume on it after covid is mostly wiped out... Indulging in some year-in-review type nostalgia, and thinking back to cape town, south africa in february (before covid, obvi). Here's a toast to future travel, and never taking any trip for granted again! @stevenmuzzy1975 @lbc and 2 others just in time for christmas trump wants to lift eu and uk travel ban trump slams uk over strict new lockdown restrictions ahead of christmas as new mutant strain of covid-19 runs rampant in england - so has it reached the us yet? Via #medtwitter colleagues, say youre on this flight. Man suffers cardiac arrest and wife admits he had symptoms of covid but lied to travel. Do you 1) start cpr, aerosolizing virus and potentially infecting entire plane or 2) let him go without intervening? @jamesmelville @andrewcatsaras as travel writers, we love and appreciate the perks that come with the job. But with the covid-19 pandemic, we know how trying these times have been for our businesses - @charli321 travel nurses are raking in big bucks as the nyc public hospital system is filing its ranks with temps to give covid shots, some earning as much as $11,000 a week. ... Yes, 11,000 a week to give covid-19 shots. Ht @harlemedic @harrietclugston @langelmessi and @borisjohnson @govkemp and @whitehouse @jonmarcstanley @harrietclugston @emweasley1 @f96863081 @colbertlateshow and 4 others this conversation started with 99% survival rate. There are nearly 8billion in the world and only 1.7million worldwide have died in 15 months with covid... Not of covid. You have other stats? Not estimates or guesswork but stats! Then feel free to provide them! @chrismc060368 @petzimon and @holbornlolz @darkforest73 @btbkkp and 2 others @unrulysea @princ3ssgc and @braintree_ @llinwood how is it possible that idiots who imposed a travel ban and lockdown for a virus whose death rate is a tiny fraction of a percent have ruined my dreams? @nicolasturgeon @enduklockdown1 @mhairihunter @sallylepage pre-travel covid-19 testing rate for travels within ecowas to be harmonised health minister @therightside19 @michellemonkey4 and 2 others im headed to maui from honolulu this week and so i needed to get my first covid test today. Inter-island travel from oahu requires a negative test 72 hours prior to flight to avoid quarantine. Overall hawaii has been doing well during this crises. @borisjohnson bahrain yesterday recorded 179 new cases of covid-19 alongside 175 recoveries. Of the new cases, 105 were expat workers, 54 contacts of local cases and 20 travel-related. Read more - #bahrain #manama #middleeast #covid19 #coronavirus @cindyray73 and @realdonaldtrump @harrietclugston @harrietclugston as a student whos had to work throughout the pandemic and missed the early december travel window because of this, i can say its broken my heart being giving no notice for ulterior arrangements and ill now spend christmas alone : ) @stormydaniels if a certain virus still makes it hard for you to travel and see sights, lets enjoy the ones karl shares with us! #karlurban #photo #whatasmile @flexasauruswrex and @repandybiggsaz @pwsimerimiaw @richbsys and 2 others @realdonaldtrump and here we see why in 1 tweet the uk has one of the worst covid 19 death rates in the world. Incompetence from boris yes, but the sheer selfishness is unarguable. London is tier 3 - the law says they shouldn't travel outside the area. It's super spreader saturday #covidiots @aby_was_here @jayjay_allen @swailesruth @mazzaleeds and @harrietclugston ugh i do know, but i didnt think everyone would use that to justify travel at a time when thousands are dying daily of a contagious virus in the middle of a pandemic! Stuck in tier 3, still, yet infection rates are dropping in leeds, i cant travel to york to see my folks but all these people can travel from a hot bed of covid, by train, to leeds. Absolute whoppers the lot of them. Tier 4 in two weeks then tier 4 travel restrictions are covered here. Bit of an exodus out of london and se tier 4 tonight. Trains, planes and automobiles. Some hiring cars or taxis to flee tier 4. Everyone needs to help to contain and crush the virus but don't worry, leeds they all traveled before sunday so the virus won't travel with them! Such poor planning from sage/ the govt temp travel nurses are making $11k a week to give covid-19 vaccines temp travel nurses are making $11k a week to give covid-19 vaccines @norm82claire @spoonersean and @jadenozzz just spent about 30 mins in a local mall. Watching society degrade in real time during a pandemic is wild. Thank goodness for travel mimosas. @tedcruz and @joyannreid @glenn76833403 and @realdonaldtrump @andybtravels @danielandrewsmp @harrietclugston @remmydepressy @harrietclugston @njm71 and @1937thelink @westwoodlee how to spread a virus 101: announce tier 4 & give people 8 hours to pack their bags & travel. @isaiahiguana @shady_milkmn and 3 others @angelarayner and @borisjohnson @mrjamesmack @shortstrangles and @disclosetv @pepperish71 @harrietclugston as the covid-19 infection rate increases across the country, ucsf has updated its travel guidance for all travel outside of the nine bay area counties (and fresno), including domestic and international. Learn more. Can you travel between covid tiers to play golf? Here's what the government's guidelines say... I thought twitter said they would label false information about the virus and/or vaccine? ? Everything about this tweet is false. Dr. Fauci did not travel to the north pole and he did not vaccinate a man named santa claus. Where's the label @twitter ? ? How to road-trip safely in 2020 and beyond - ways to travel during covid times and stay safe doing it.. #travel #getaway #traveldestinations #31 new post (india becomes second country to cross 10 million covid cases amid chronic mask fatigue) has been published on phuket travel tips and advise - ... @james_e_b_ christmas has been cancelled in the u. K & travel within the u. K. Is banned due to a new variant of covid. Should ireland ban those irish u. K. Residents returning home for xmas. Health insurance & travel insurance options for your trip via @frequentmiler @sammbambino and @yescymru just come home from work only to realise we are now in the newly created tier 4 covid-19 band. Among others, one cannot travel abroad! @dwuhlfelderlaw and @marcorubio covid christmas travel how it started how its going because nobody saw this coming @kdhurst380 @samdfjournalist and @harrietclugston @matthancock and @amandamilling @nakashimae @jonathansamuels @pingkipenguin and @avantiwestcoast @ten_toes_7 this is disgusting and so stupid. Were going to be in lockdown for months. The north has been in lockdown/tier 3 pretty much all year and the one time we have more freedom then londoners, they all travel to us, to spread the virus further. And the variant of the virus travels out to the countryside to visit those area not a well financed as london..... #borisjohnsonmustgo because he's basically a cunt. @frog_escalator and @corbynistateen @tkoprogressives @cafe_health and 2 others @todbooklady and @dryad711 @nikeeytah @lucyallan and @spectator more people may want to consider health insurance needs for international trips when travel picks back up. @saramsalem @harrietclugston @ewangurr and @scotgov @chrismc060368 @petzimon and @holbornlolz ... Here is an example of selfishness st pancras station now rammed with folk fleeing before travel restrictions come in spreading more virus over the country let the spread of the new virus travel the whole country @dabookdragon and @jim_jordan good to see the bbc encouraging law breaking... 1(2) says people in tier 3 are committing an offence by doing what harriet is doing. This is exactly why the virus spread so quickly around italy in march, people leaving cities to travel home, and why italy has locked down for xmas sandals grenada to temporarily close following covid outbreak on the island #travel lockdowns and travel restrictions enacted to contain the pandemic mean that many women migrant workers are isolated with perpetrators at home or in workplaces, particularly domestic workers where the thin separation between the workplace and home got much thinner. @nipursuit @temptingfate7 and 4 others you say that because of the new covid strain in se england you are banning cross border travel. With differing strains of covid identified across the world, when are you closing glasgow, edinburgh and aberdeen airports? @ctvmontreal @aev1609 and @mandoline_blue great new hotel offerings and a firm health and safety program called tourism gold standard certification; lots of reasons to visit beautiful belize in 2021. @belizevacation @relaxinbelize @margaritaville @aboutdci #belize #hotels #travel #margaritaville @elrxzay the virus continues to spread, before such travel becomes illegal at midnight. Why the hell have people travelled? Talk about spreading the virus around the country. Could people for one year only said for the sake of protectlng others, i'll stay where i am and do zoom etc. Why? Why? Why? This new variant is 70% more infectious yet people want to travel @dabookdragon and @jim_jordan @timfernando and @rbrignall so the highly contagious london virus variant, mass exodus of latent carriers, family indoor events coming, mass train travel in confined cabins, scattering all over these islands. It's like spoors. I'm guessing january is a write off. The @niexecutive should not be chewing this over for 48-72 hours. Instead, have the humility to learn lessons from countries which have done much better in dealing with covid. Imminent travel restrictions, lockdown brought forward from boxing day. @pjones59 @catniss2496 and @tamarhaspel @bigfatmaddie @lewis_goodall @tedcruz and @joyannreid so excited to be part of the winter wonderland road trip. Join us on the trip - it's the covid friendly way to travel! @furryfriendsdc @krockspage @caringclassroo1 @can_giving @helpingteach @launchingp @edcgivingpage @p2ltw my project has a x2 match. @edanaming @alynn7513 @jaduke77 and @thehill @fact_covid @ttocseve this is unbelievable. Should anyone get covid, they would possibly be taking a hospital bed, where there is a shortage not to say nurses as well, not fair. Travel means no travel. There should be no exceptions. These people will likely be gathering with people while visiting @bluemoonstar @carinaoreilly reckless, ignorant idiots. Thanks for spreading covid and the new variant! Londoners were in tier 2 whilst most of the rest of the country were in t3 and advised not to travel. Now they've has to suck it up like the rest of us, and then move into t4, so they're spreading it! ! ! @scotgov and @nicolasturgeon @jimwrid @borisjohnson so who's policing and enforcing this travel restrictions to stop these people spreading covid? Fairly sure theres no chance that new strain of the virus will travel far outside that strict kent and london border. Proper watertight. @jenniferfabry and @virginatlantic will travel post-vaccine go back to how things were, or will future vacations be forever changed? This article explores how a covid-19 vaccine could change travel for good: @haveigotnews do i have this right? We are in the midst of a pandemic and a russian cyber attack & cruz is passing bills on space travel? What planet is cruz from? ? We're sorry that, like other airlines, due to the current covid-19 pandemic and global travel restrictions we are operating a reduced and dynamic schedule. If you need to rebook, please dm your reference, email and contact details. We may more info for data protection. Beth s. @claireluvsbearz @capthandlebar @harrietclugston @realdonaldtrump @ukrainianak #saturdaythoughts #top10luxury see how many you got? 1) life enlightenment 2) a free and joyful heart 3) the courage to travel the world 4) back to nature 5) peaceful good sleep 6)self space and time 7) soulmate 8) true friends 9)health 10)ability to inspire others @zozodimasi @awesomezee and 4 others covid lockdown imaginary travel #photooftheday nativity scene dukstas, lithuania @ruthier and @harrietclugston the pandemic has had a chilling effect on global travel. When it comes to an end, these destinations are at the top of our travel writers wish lists ... When someone complains about traveling to an area where covid exposure is more likely, and criticizes people there, after routinely telling everyone else you need to isolate and you should not travel at all! !... @globaltimesnews each one of us can help by minimising travel, and isolating when ill or exposed. Remember, if you self isolate, you're not stuck with the virus, the virus is stuck with you. You absolute legend. @thehowie and @realdonaldtrump @mccmugwump and @chrischirp out of 8811 covid-19 tests carried out on 19 december 2020, 179 new cases have been detected among 105 expatriate workers, 54 new cases are contacts of active cases, and 20 are travel related. There were 175 recoveries from covid19, increasing total recoveries to 88178 the pandemic has had a chilling effect on global travel. When it comes to an end, these destinations are at the top of our travel writers wish lists ... @brianlilley @fordnation and @justintrudeau the pandemic has had a chilling effect on global travel. When it comes to an end, these destinations are at the top of our travel writers wish lists ... @jtjbooth i am so mad at this. Its understandable this is what people are doing in a way but letting people travel and spread a deadly virus is so irresponsible and will mean the the north will end up taking the brunt of this in the new year and im so furious i cant find the words. Out of 8811 covid-19 tests carried out on 19 december 2020, 179 new cases have been detected among 105 expatriate workers, 54 new cases are contacts of active cases, and 20 are travel related. There were 175 recoveries from #covid19, increasing total recoveries to 88178 whether you plan on staying home or traveling for the holiday season, this world health organization video reminds us how to prevent the spread of #covid19. It also provide tips on how to travel & celebrate safely with family & friends. #safeholiday @who whether you plan on staying home or traveling for the holiday season, this world health organization video reminds us how to prevent the spread of #covid19. It also provide tips on how to travel & celebrate safely with family & friends. #safeholiday @who whether you plan on staying home or traveling for the holiday season, this world health organization video reminds us how to prevent the spread of #covid19. It also provide tips on how to travel & celebrate safely with family & friends. #safeholiday @who while bc has no border controls, none. @cdcofbc we're flying the virus into, out and around bc. Strict christmas travel ban for scotland as wales enters early lockdown ... #bcpoli #covid19 sanitizing stations, social distancing floor stickers and nasal swabs were not part of the travel experience before the covid-19 pandemic. Now, they are a regular part of the routine. But for how long? . @jessicacadams, as you predicted. May there be a more robust #covid_19 response in the uk. | strict christmas travel ban for scotland as wales enters early lockdown | uk news | the guardian the travel surge comes despite cdc recommendations to stay home for the holidays due to the coronarvirus pandemic. The travel surge comes despite cdc recommendations to stay home for the holidays due to the coronarvirus pandemic. The travel surge comes despite cdc recommendations to stay home for the holidays due to the coronarvirus pandemic. @williamcrawley and @pastorjimberoo1 its official. Santa is coming. Public health has cleared santa for travel. @independent strict christmas travel ban for scotland as wales enters early lockdown "there will be a strict travel ban between scotland and the rest of the uk throughout the festive period" "i know how harsh it sounds ... But this virus is unfair. 1/ @cliff_ey @harrietclugston and @pete_allison @nufcportal 79 % of canadians, and 90 %t of seniors, said they would not travel to the u. S. This winter even if their travel health insurance policy provided coverage for #covid_19 @lewis_goodall daily #covid19nfld update | eight new cases, 5 are travel-related, 3 are under investigation. All are in the eastern region. 31 active cases, 1 person is in hospital due to the virus. All info below. @ntvnewsnl #boisestate down 2 players today due to covid protocols... Heres the list of broncos that didnt travel... Uk government pushes for lifting of u. S. Travel restrictions - sources #commonsense uhhh. No, not with a new strain covid causing your own govt to put tighter restrictions in place! Quebecers are choosing to travel right now despite high daily covid-19 cases #cdnpoli @atomasula @markpoloncarz and @ecdoh @pauljamesnufc @kendallrowanx and @nufc @njtransit @w_fitzw want to #travel ? Stuck with #wanderlust ? Can't due to #covid_19 ? #read a life afloat & #experience @incredibleindia from the comfort of your home! It's on @amazonkindle (free for #kindleunlimited ! ) #readingcommunity #writingcommunity let's do this! @keirshiels i really love how there's a province-wide travel ban due to covid.. And yet a group of about 30 to 40 people is allowed to protest anti-mask policies because they're seen as a lawful assembly i can't even see my family for the holidays... @jameswharrison boris: "there is a new, easier to catch strain of the virus spreading violently throughout the south. Please do not travel" southerners: "make haste, we march north" @busandtrainuser and @adsbytrain @kealeybhoy and @moneillsf @respectisvital @mitchlafon @geboller @jward_73 and @scottadamssays "we implore passengers not travel if they have been diagnosed with covid-19 or have covid-related symptoms, " united airlines said. "if in doubt, the best option is to get tested. " @azplaced and @calvinfroedge say @calathletics this is how @calwbball should travel to away games. Ok, @calmbball should as well. #covid_19 #gobears hi lisa so sorry to hear this at xmas in sydney a second wave has hit the state through an overseas traveller that had contact with an plane attendant .... And it spread .... This virus can travel so quickly some suburbs have gone into lockdown now ! Keep well @evamontemaggi @juliahb1 @eugenegu and @realdonaldtrump @majorityrules2 and @nigel_farage @sbd233 and @williamcrawley @harrietclugston @njm71 and @1937thelink the signal has already covered some of the amazing experiences that stan state's study abroad programs have given students, but how will these travels and the study abroad application process be impacted by the pandemic? Learn all the details below! One new travel-related case of covid-19 in p. E. I. On dec. 19 | the guardian @tedcruz and @joyannreid @peteradamsmith and @itvnews @funder and @realdonaldtrump @piersmorgan and @mateybloke it's been almost nine months since the us-canadian land border shut and crossings were limited to essential travel only due to the pandemic. Along the international boundary, the new reality is devastating. @inesdlc reports. Covid-19 surges have led to spikes in demand for short-term nurses across the united states. A new paper finds nurses travel longer distances, and are more likely to leave their home state, when compensation is higher. @johnny5555 @prifweinidog and @deesidedotcom @nigel_farage @rtaylor1729 @jeremy_hume and @nigel_farage @cbcalerts millennials equate #vacation with travel. But during the pandemic, experts say its important to take #timeoff even if you arent going anywhere. #pto #benefits #compensationandbenefits #burnout #careeradvice #wellbeing did not expect this kind of welcome @omanairports. All the passengers have been standing in this line for over two hours with no clear instructions or communication from the authorities. So much for "safe pandemic air travel". @omanair @omanobserver @freealba2 @arlenefosteruk and @dupleader just bizarre that lord kill-looney aka the donegal dumpling, who wants a hard border between stranraer and belfast is worried about the nvlondon virus strict travel ban! Thank heavens the scottish premier isnt bme or the racist english nationalist would be off on one again? Oh my god. I think the uk have had the worst reaction to the virus in the whole world, even worse than the us. They've had constant lockdowns basically since the virus started and confusing guidelines. Furthermore, they told people to eat out and travel then blamed... @scottishfotoexp @berniemoran01 and @mitchbenn @mandoline_blue @gabsonclarkst @sarahpolo10 @maryogrady8 and @corasherlock @kevinmkruse @mstiffanyleigh and @bts_twt @drvyom now that a covid vaccine is here, travel websites are exploding with visits. A happy sun-mercury meeting in the travel sector tells you to start scoping out your next destination. No one knows when borders will re-open, but hey---do your homework! #astrology safe travels, soldiers! We're proud to support @fort_huachuca as thousands fly out of #tucson for their holiday leave. The @usarmy believes connecting with loved ones, especially during the holidays, is vital to mental health, resiliency, and soldier welfare. @illythescottie sir, i am indian in us. California resident stuck in ny due to covid travel restrictions. Vfs san fran returned my application saying "wrong jurisdiction" on nov 17 it's been a month they haven't refunded the fee. Need to get my passport asap to visit ageing parents. Help. @starskate73 @darioiltoro @covidtweets do you travel for #chocolate? Maybe unconsciously? When this pandemic started, i put together some of my favorite chocolate places and memories: #travel #foodies #weekendvibes #saturdayvibes @anthonyblogan the u. S has surpassed 17 million confirmed covid-19 cases since the start of the pandemic with a surge that public health officials have linked directly to thanksgiving travel. #travel #pandemic @cp24 why didnt we stop travel into wales @fmwales from everywhere? Why were all the field hospitals closed meaning all covid got taken into main line hospitals and infected 100 of thousands in wales. Two easy questions - if you done both we wouldnt be locking down. @iamwalkert @rikoamour and 11 others @corbyn50plus @bass_n_bass and @gnev2 @thesun one new travel-related case of covid-19 in p. E. I. On dec. 19 | the guardian @darrenwheeler and @ppaulcharles @barnbcfc and @lesleydonnell15 one new travel-related case of covid-19 in p. E. I. On dec. 19 | saltwire ... @borisjohnson @realreporter @globaldavies and @rhg_travels @keikoandgilly and @that_train_guy @slay4ever007 and @beltel @jburnmurdoch @jonashworth @corbynistateen @ryescot1012 @coloneldelancey and @johnleono1087 alongside life & health insurance, we offer car, pet, travel, home & contents insurance, plus much more! Compare the market & purchase what you need in a few clicks! Get the right cover at the right price get in touch for a free quote and we will send you a link to get started! @bsinclair1878 and @_kjs1874 aaa oklahoma has developed what is the state of flying during the pandemic? , a first-hand look at what travelers can expect at airports and from airlines across the country when they feel ready to travel. @ld7290 @jeontteok and @generoxity so, imagine you were on that plane and it wasnt an essential trip. You decided you were being careful and you were going to travel anyway, for whatever asinine reason despite health officials saying forego visiting family and friends. How hard would you be kicking yourself? @lozzf_w 2021 will be surely a more european-centric season. Intercontinental travels of a whole peloton with covid-19 are a risk. #pei's public health officer announced 1 new case of #covid19. Dr. Morrison confirmed that the individual who tested positive is a woman in her 50s who arrived in #pei thursday following travel within but outside the atlantic provinces. ... Via @cbcpei @mmcshane and @tomhfh @olliehowe @alwaysrungry and 2 others @borisjohnson scotland all but eliminated the virus after our first lockdown. It was re-introduced by foreign visitors and cross border travel from england. Imagine we had control over our airports and border. We might still have succumbed to the 2nd wave, but we'd have had power to decide. @mayoroflondon @tailsy_12x @alyssa_milano @ebwelshie @freddie801 this is the no lockdown trump problem. He has aloowed people to travel and spread his virus for months. @hildevdva @heathrowairport favorite holiday vacation is one away from work. We haven't been able to travel due to the pandemic. #ilovetmobile #sweepstakes @what_now_us @temptingfate7 and 4 others stay local to stay safe residents of our district are advised not to travel to or socialise with friends and family members within tier 4 in order to prevent the spread of the new variant of covid-19. Please stay local to keep you and your loved ones safe this christmas. Why christmas movies are so appealing this holiday season: with the pandemic limiting travel over the holiday season, many americans will be settling in front of the television to watch their favorite holiday movies, along with their favorite drink a cup why christmas movies are so appealing this holiday season: with the pandemic limiting travel over the holiday season, many americans will be settling in front of the television to watch their favorite holiday movies, along with their favorite drink a cup @skydavidblevins #usa #america #love #canada #uk #newyork #instagram #california #travel #instagood #trump #photography #india #fashion #follow #australia #like #germany #london #dubai #france #miami #a #europe #florida #art #covid #italy #photooftheda @prastow 6 tips for planning travel in 2021, according to travel experts, infectious disease doctors, and current industry trends summary list placement with the pandemic still a widespread threat, travelers in ... ... @borisarachnid and @martinrice36 he doesnt care morrison should be at work , while australians are, and just have the main days off he should be leading australia.. Nsw is fighting a covid outbreak, which is now threatening other states as people travel for xmas he is the worst pm ever! ! @fenianbranch1 and @nicolasturgeon @nigel_farage one new travel-related case of covid-19 in p. E. I. On dec. 19 | the journal pioneer @duke_canuck @fordnation and @kflaph @rsbnetwork @sarahdateechur @demelo64 @joyousdiscovery and @sandraomondi @mirrorceleb @dpjhodges @monkerboy85 @mattrobertz and 2 others airbnb co-founder and chief executive officer brian chesky discusses the companys initial public offering, lessons learned about the business during the coronavirus pandemic, and what he sees as permanent changes to the travel indu ... @yvettehenson and @calvinrobinson @lildrag86367388 @devinfauxcalf and 3 others @bbcphilipsim and @alfraioli @bayviewroar @jimmythepie and 3 others abandoning tory covid hell to travel back to the 1990s, when things were good @skynewsbreak @juliahb1 @noidd @tprophet and @devincow @ardbegmc and @lancegooden @nipper_the @tyler3verett and @realdonaldtrump @balurajguru and @heathrowairport whether you plan on staying home or traveling for the holiday season, this world health organization video reminds us how to prevent the spread of #covid19. It also provide tips on how to travel & celebrate safely with family & friends. #safeholiday @who initiatives like contact tracing will play a significant role in slowing the spread of covid-19 and promoting consumer confidence in travel until a vaccine is widely available. Whether you plan on staying home or traveling for the holiday season, this world health organization video reminds us how to prevent the spread of #covid19. It also provide tips on how to travel & celebrate safely with family & friends. #safeholiday @who nicola sturgeon imposes scotland travel ban as new covid strain has cases rising video @ericbalfour @netflix and 4 others the northern beaches covid cluster is rapidly growing, and impacting travel rules and christmas plans across the country. Find a full breakdown of the changes here: have your travel plans been affected? There is an increased risk of spreading coronavirus this christmas new regulations: keep it small (3 households, but fewer if you can) keep it short (only 1 day) keep it local (avoid travel) think of the vulnerable (elderly, underlying health issues) @totterdown_ @knowleconclub shutting down all this travel would be nice. A lot a visitors for a pandemic more than 84 million americans expected to travel over winter holidays as covid-19 cases surge @highlandsme and @nicolasturgeon @coopaulsen that plan was ditched apparently. This is the latest... Kinda makes sense given that the ban was to stop you guys getting covid and it got to the us anyways, plus most countries worldwide can still travel to the us @heathrowairport @volcanlcash and @hamiltonmusical unionists are more concerned about cross-border travel restrictions than the new covid strain that's gripped wales and the south east of england. It's truly remarkable. They'd rather covid was out of control in all of the uk rather than allow one part to protect itself. @pompeycyclist @joebiden @johnfilson and @melamarns @designaddict1 @rippedjeans8034 @rfjfan and 2 others its difficult to debate with some people i disagreed with his assessment that @scotgovfm sturgeons travel ban will be ignored ive come to detest sturgeon over covid but in this i think she is right disneyland #launches covid-19 #prevention campaign - #themepark insider #covid #travel #avrittsfavorites 1) china told you. The fuck up is all on you. No matter what china did, before they even knew what it was, covid was spreading via air travel. There is nothing anyone could have done to prevent the global spread. 2) hand over the iphone. Its made in china. No @tedcruz, you don't pay attention! Health experts are asking no one travel and do wear masks, common sense will tell you that! Too bad apparently you don't have any common sense! @borisjohnson @toby_williams and @eleanorrylance @doctorannak 99.9% of our covid cases in atlantic canada come from travel. Not overly amused. @goatteeboy @markdrakeford people like myself who have adhered to all the guidelines are now suffering from your choice, from the selfishness of others. I am alone for christmas. I cant travel on christmas day because there is no public transport. Think of those with mental health issues. @forestmommy @paedsnursedanny i think its because were in a pandemic, and people will get shamed if they start talking freely about travel right now. @rhsjacketbacker @andrew_adonis another travel advisory has been issued because of today's reported cases. Did you travel on air canada flight 690 from toronto to st. Johns that arrived tuesday, december 15? If so, please call 811 to arrange covid-19 testing. ... #govnl @fanficula @joncoopertweets ready to #travel again? Check out @prissitravels, a full-service travel agency. Owner prissi powell stresses, #covid is here. We have to figure out how to travel with it. Listen-share: ... #travel #internationatravel #plussize #radioshow #podcast @lauren38886064 and @jazzywayne brent, along with the rest of london, will move into tougher tier 4 #covid restrictions starting sunday (dec 20) morning. Read what the tier 4 restrictions mean, advice on travel and major changes to the christmas bubble plans: nicola sturgeon imposes scotland travel ban as new covid strain has cases rising video residents living in sydney covid-19 hotspots will have to quarantine for two weeks as victoria introduces new travel restrictions to limit the spread of the virus. #9news @rafat @joebiden modi government is banking on medical tourism for revival of travel sector in post-covid, says union minister (the financial express) #newspicks @jreber16 @aprildryan @evans1951 @connorgillies and 2 others @sadiqkhan the new strain is 70 percent more contagious and spreads faster than the current covid 19 strain. So, why does the uk want t-rump to relax travel restrictions? @tucker_rob @phil_mattinsley and 2 others @auobnow and @policescotland @nipperdawg @lanceusa70 and @realdonaldtrump #uk #travel #health #coronavirus #covid19 --> strict #christmas travel ban for #scotland as #wales enters early lockdown @jordan_jacklin and @mirtle if you rich and travel 1st class covid does not effect you @che5ter666 @eddieburfi and @piersmorgan @brennal0307 @fm182020 and 2 others @diane_doubleday and @aslavitt although intended for travel or gym, these mini murphys are a great way to try the products with little investment. And they cute to boot! Be sure to save them to refill for your post-pandemic travels! #yegkevinmurphy #m... @glennbbc and @nicolasturgeon nicola sturgeon imposes scotland travel ban as new covid strain has cases rising video for anyone collecting money from the government for covid related unemployment, small business loans, eviction protection, food, stimulus checks... This should be required reading to qualify. To think, people will travel for the holidays. It didnt have to be this way. @borisjohnson this is insane ! ! A pandemic was used to give more money to millionaires not needing any money this is a #fraud the money should have been given to only the direct impacted most , travel , hospitality, restaurants, and so not to the damn billionaires& millionaires #generalstrike exactly this so if you were daft enough to travel on a pandemic when you've always been told it's not smart then hell slap it into you. @kaylaadams___ @british_airways if international travel is banned please just let us know the situation tonight so we don't pack, pay for taxis & covid tests! @meghanapolis @lambchop321 @psychbeaulogy and 2 others @ianbassin @matthancock @covid_callout travel bans are being put in place to attempt to contain the new more contagious sars-cov-2 virus. Why is schipol and other airports still open with the uk @minpres @hugodejonge @pieteromtzigt @lodewijka @geertwilderspvv @jesseklaver @partijvddieren @cdavandaag @vvd ? Croatia covid-19 update december 19: 2,752 new cases, 20,118 active ... Via @dailycroatia back up at #slovenia #croatia border, as many entering without a #pcr test. Inter county travel allowed with paid hotel reservation. #covid19 #koronavirus #coronavirus @jamesmelville p. E. I. Confirms 1 new case of covid-19 related to travel; woman in 50s self-isolating after arriving in charlottetown on dec. 17 from montreal on air canada flight 8302 @carolin64723572 and @cazjwheeler looking for reliable resources to answer your questions about retirement? Whether you need info on medicare, social security, travel alerts, health information, or consumer safety, this list of resources will be helpful. #retirement #retire @nipursuit @temptingfate7 and 4 others covid-19 in eswatini covid-19 very high level 4: covid-19 very high travel health notices | travele... Covid-19 in eswatini covid-19 very high level 4: covid-19 very high travel health notices | travele... Will santa travel during covid-19 pandemic? Students write play to explain. @nipursuit @conixel and 4 others this brings tears to my eyes, for a variety of reasons. Dr. Fauci reassures a six-year-old that santa will be able to travel despite covid. @thesun @ecmclaughlin @inkwellpaul @paco60399980 and 2 others @ccbushmead @alwaysvote_blue @whitehouse and @presssec @judyyou50988472 @whitehouse and @presssec @drzwelimkhize @tig812003 @whitehouse and @presssec @jamesmelville @tedcruz and @joyannreid nicola storgeun imposes scotland travel abn as new covid strain has cases rising video @ruthm4x @eastmidrailway and @thetrainline nicola sturgeon imposes scotland travel ban as new covid strain has cases rising video @cheetah1961 @bonhanson79 and 2 others well the canadian medical officer of health states travel is safe (but our borders closed? ? ) and youd have to sit next to an infected person for 54 hours before theres any risk youre good @pulte @bonhanson79 @whitehouse and @presssec @temptingfate7 @conixel and 4 others nigel breached covid restrictions to travel to america to watch trump lose, then he didn't self isolate for the full 10 days, then he toured coastlines and hotels in lockdown areas for "journalism" so i think farage is more responsible than china. Thank you, twat. #british prime minister boris johnson announced a "stay at home" order to slow a new #covid-19 strain that is significantly more infectious, meaning that around a third of #england's population cannot travel or meet other households for christmas @rhowardbrowne @karadidomizio @realdonaldtrump @rob_aldridge health alert a new, more contagious strain of covid-19 caused the uk to restrict christmas travel & gatherings dramatically. Scientists are working to determine whether the new strain is more deadly & renders the vaccine ineffective. More: ... Can you travel if you have covid-19 antibodies? - the washington post #coronavirus #antibodies #travel it seems we should be urgently considering restricting travel from britain to protect us and our economy from the new variant #covid_19 : even @devisridhar is advocating for these international restrictions. @bbcjamescook @dannywhite92 @clifty04 and @adamf1887 want to #travel ? Stuck with #wanderlust ? Can't due to #covid_19 ? #read a life afloat & #experience @incredibleindia from the comfort of your home! It's on @amazonkindle (free for #kindleunlimited ! ) #readingcommunity #writingcommunity let's do this! @carriekann one new covid case on pei, a woman in her 50s. Travel related. Shes self-isolating and theres been no exposure. Boy, this is why eye, me personally can't bring myself to travel during this time because i'll be killing myself to make sure we're safe but some people don't care. I can't depend on other travellers to do the right thing because some of them don't believe covid exists. @luki00666 want to #travel ? Stuck with #wanderlust ? Can't due to #covid_19 ? #read a life afloat & #experience @incredibleindia from the comfort of your home! It's on @amazonkindle (free for #kindleunlimited ! ) @thetrainline hi, please can you help refund my tickets. Due to latest covid restrictions i cannot travel over chrismas. I understand the tickets are non-refundable, if you can please refund that will be very helpful free #hilton #gold status, airport testing, #covid #scams, forrest fenn treasure found - #travel blogger buzz @nipursuit @what_now_us and 4 others @nipursuit @conixel and 4 others @dazzlerlufc and @nigel_farage @huffpost want to #travel ? Stuck with #wanderlust ? Can't due to #covid_19 ? #read a life afloat & #experience @incredibleindia from the comfort of your home! It's on @amazonkindle (free for #kindleunlimited ! ) #readingcommunity #writingcommunity let's do this! @tulsigabbard @kitnlov1 @whitehouse and @presssec @utcobb @mikegalsworthy and @sisterkaff @andyemorrison @tofly_totravel @donib182 @paul_worton and @10downingstreet @contrarymeri @whitehouse and @presssec @celticbhoy73 @nicolasturgeon and @steven9inarow boris johnson new announcements: you cannot travel overseas. Meaning that people cant go back home for xmas #covid_19 #covid19 #england #uk #covidchristmas #boriscancelschristmas @jackie_gallardo and @donaldjtrumpjr @milehighmagic30 @danielwday and @jim_jordan @zacgoldsmith and @bitterlaketrout u. S. Travel is falling out of favour with canadians as covid-19 continues: survey a recent survey by the travel health insurance association of canada suggests that u. S. Travel is falling out. We go to mexico but that is unlikely for another year or more. @mdnij34 "dont we all have a post-covid bucket list? The people well see, the places well go, and all the once ordinary, now forbidden adventures well have. " #travel @graeme_from_it @scotnational and @scotindepfound @lokiunit yes, the recommendation is to continue to wear a mask and social distance and not travel after getting the covid-19 vaccination. "why? " you ask ? Because people will lie about having the vaccination just to not wear a mask and to travel. That is why. Companies could restrict employees holiday plans due to the coronavirus pandemic. Do you think like @tracegallagher and suggest you not tell your boss about your travel plans? ... Just so were on the same page if i want to travel abroad to visit family around the world ill need a covid vaccine & proof with a vaccine passport. But theres a migrant caravan headed to the us & im supposed to be cool with them rushing the border that thing that makes y'all travel in the middle of a pandemic to see family, risking your own life, theirs, and countless others directly and indirectly (including many who won't have much choice to become involved in any of your collateral f*ckery) that's not love. That's ego. @rlyknght @wineguybkk @saksithcna and @pr_moph "in mexico, international tourism usually brings > $20 billion a year. But 2020 might deliver < half that amount. And this is despite mexico keeping international air travel open, including us tourists barred from other countries due to soaring covid-19 cases. " @syoungreports @lner @lottelydia and @helenebismarck you cannot travel overseas dice el gobierno ingles. Lo siento por todos esos espanoles que viven en inglaterra y no van a poder ir a casa estas navidades. #covid_19 #covid19 #england #uk #covidchristmas #tier3 #tier4 #boriscancelschristmas @nicolasturgeon @nipursuit @conixel and 4 others @x_georginaaa @quirksmode_uk and 2 others not a covid heat map or tier boundaries, just a map of scotlands regions 162 yrs before lockdowns & travel restrictions. Scotland omnigraph map 1838 depicts simpler times. More of scotland's maps, castles, battles, people, places and much more at pour les fetes de fin d'annee, facilitez votre depart en gare ou en aeroport en commandant votre g gare taxi lille depuis notre application, ou sur notre site internet ou au 03 2006 6400 #garetaxilille #taxi #taxidriver #travel #lille #taxiservice #covid}